Add boolean to the style guide (#1636)
python/devguide: documentation/style-guide.rst

Some terms and words deserve special mention. These conventions should
be used to ensure consistency throughout the documentation:

boolean

>   Lowercase in most cases.
>   Uppercase for Boolean mathematics and Boolean logic.

Reviewer: To avoid saying "case" twice in one line
```suggestion
  Lowercase in most instances.
  Uppercase for *Boolean mathematics* and *Boolean logic*.
  To refer to the Python or C data type, prefer using the exact,
  abbreviated name with appropriate markup (for example, ``:type:`bool```).
```
